---
layout: post
title:  "Welcome to Jekyll!"
date:   2015-08-04 21:56:08
categories: jekyll update
tags: [test, testing]
---
War Is the H-Word
Maybe I love you so much I love you no matter who you are pretending to be. Say what? I'm a thing. Ugh, it's filthy! Why not create a National Endowment for Strip Clubs while we're at it? Yes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people won't be sure you've done anything at all.

Where the Buggalo Roam
Hi, I'm a naughty nurse, and I really need someone to talk to. $9.95 a minute. It doesn't look so shiny to me. You guys go on without me! I'm going to go… look for more stuff to steal!

I usually try to keep my sadness pent up inside where it can fester quietly as a mental illness.
With a warning label this big, you know they gotta be fun!
With a warning label this big, you know they gotta be fun!
That Darn Katz!
I suppose I could part with 'one' and still be feared… One hundred dollars. Uh, is the puppy mechanical in any way?

The Honking
Meh. Good news, everyone! There's a report on TV with some very bad news! How much did you make me? I usually try to keep my sadness pent up inside where it can fester quietly as a mental illness. I'm sure those windmills will keep them cool.

And I'd do it again! And perhaps a third time! But that would be it.
All I want is to be a monkey of moderate intelligence who wears a suit… that's why I'm transferring to business school!
All I want is to be a monkey of moderate intelligence who wears a suit… that's why I'm transferring to business school!
The Series Has Landed
You lived before you met me?! Kif might! And I'd do it again! And perhaps a third time! But that would be it. Have you ever tried just turning off the TV, sitting down with your children, and hitting them? Bender, hurry! This fuel's expensive! Also, we're dying!

A Clone of My Own
Ow, my spirit! And I'd do it again! And perhaps a third time! But that would be it. You're going back for the Countess, aren't you? Bender, hurry! This fuel's expensive! Also, we're dying! Soon enough. You lived before you met me?!

I guess because my parents keep telling me to be more ladylike. As though! You've killed me! Oh, you've killed me! We don't have a brig. Too much work. Let's burn it and say we dumped it in the sewer.

Hey, tell me something. You've got all this money. How come you always dress like you're doing your laundry? Ok, we'll go deliver this crate like professionals, and then we'll go ride the bumper cars. Yes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people won't be sure you've done anything at all. Yes, I saw. You were doing well, until everyone died.

For one beautiful night I knew what it was like to be a grandmother. Subjugated, yet honored. No. We're on the top. I guess because my parents keep telling me to be more ladylike. As though! Goodbye, friends. I never thought I'd die like this. But I always really hoped. Anyhoo, your net-suits will allow you to experience Fry's worm infested bowels as if you were actually wriggling through them. Hey, whatcha watching?

There, now he's trapped in a book I wrote: a crummy world of plot holes and spelling errors! With a warning label this big, you know they gotta be fun! Leela's gonna kill me. Fatal. Kids don't turn rotten just from watching TV. Meh.

OK, this has gotta stop. I'm going to remind Fry of his humanity the way only a woman can. Are you crazy? I can't swallow that. Is the Space Pope reptilian!? Son, as your lawyer, I declare y'all are in a 12-piece bucket o' trouble. But I done struck you a deal: Five hours of community service cleanin' up that ol' mess you caused. When will that be?
