---
layout: post
title:  "Welcome to Jekyll!"
date:   2015-08-04 21:56:08
categories: jekyll update
tags: [test, testing]
---
The 30% Iron Chef
You guys go on without me! I'm going to go… look for more stuff to steal! Just once I'd like to eat dinner with a celebrity who isn't bound and gagged. Oh, you're a dollar naughtier than most. Hi, I'm a naughty nurse, and I really need someone to talk to. $9.95 a minute.

A Clone of My Own
I usually try to keep my sadness pent up inside where it can fester quietly as a mental illness. There's one way and only one way to determine if an animal is intelligent. Dissect its brain! I'm sure those windmills will keep them cool. Why would a robot need to drink? Well I'da done better, but it's plum hard pleading a case while awaiting trial for that there incompetence.

Yeah, I do that with my stupidness.
You're going back for the Countess, aren't you?
Yeah, I do that with my stupidness.
Ow, my spirit!
Lesser of Two Evils
Have you ever tried just turning off the TV, sitting down with your children, and hitting them? Who am I making this out to? I don't 'need' to drink. I can quit anytime I want! Would you censor the Venus de Venus just because you can see her spewers? Bender, hurry! This fuel's expensive! Also, we're dying!

Three Hundred Big Boys
Is the Space Pope reptilian!? Good news, everyone! There's a report on TV with some very bad news! No, of course not. It was… uh… porno. Yeah, that's it. I'm sorry, guys. I never meant to hurt you. Just to destroy everything you ever believed in. We don't have a brig. How much did you make me?

Say what?
And I'd do it again! And perhaps a third time! But that would be it.
I'm just glad my fat, ugly mama isn't alive to see this day.
The Cryonic Woman
You guys aren't Santa! You're not even robots. How dare you lie in front of Jesus? Ow, my spirit! I suppose I could part with 'one' and still be feared… Yeah, I do that with my stupidness. For example, if you killed your grandfather, you'd cease to exist! Say what?

Jurassic Bark
Yes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people won't be sure you've done anything at all. You, minion. Lift my arm. AFTER HIM! When will that be? You've killed me! Oh, you've killed me! Kids don't turn rotten just from watching TV. Hi, I'm a naughty nurse, and I really need someone to talk to. $9.95 a minute.

For one beautiful night I knew what it was like to be a grandmother. Subjugated, yet honored. Son, as your lawyer, I declare y'all are in a 12-piece bucket o' trouble. But I done struck you a deal: Five hours of community service cleanin' up that ol' mess you caused. But, like most politicians, he promised more than he could deliver.

Ok, we'll go deliver this crate like professionals, and then we'll go ride the bumper cars. Uh, is the puppy mechanical in any way? Yeah. Give a little credit to our public schools. Isn't it true that you have been paid for your testimony? But I've never been to the moon!

Are you crazy? I can't swallow that. Bender, hurry! This fuel's expensive! Also, we're dying! You lived before you met me?!

You're going back for the Countess, aren't you? You lived before you met me?! Incidentally, you have a dime up your nose. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesn't make sense.

Just once I'd like to eat dinner with a celebrity who isn't bound and gagged. It doesn't look so shiny to me. Leela's gonna kill me.
